ID, Data, Predicted, Label
0, hopeless: We also know that they can benefit by receiving counseling from someone who can help them understand that their feelings are normal and that their situation is not hopeless ; someone who can help them put their situation in perspective and help them communicate with others who could provide support ; someone knowledgeable about resources they can access ; someone who can help them plan for their needs and the needs of their child by developing either a parenting plan or an adoption plan ., 0, 1
2, refugee: Many refugees do n't want to be resettled anywhere , let alone in the US ., 0, 1
4, homeless: "In a 90-degree view of his constituency , one can see a high rise and a flyover while underneath it , homeless people sleep on pavements . "" As you can see , my constituency is not confined to one socio-economic group , "" he said , adding that apart from water , another major concern for him is to improve the standard of public schools in the area .", 0, 1
5, refugee: He depicts demonstrations by refugees at the border post , their catastrophic living conditions and the desperate attempt of several hundred to cross a river a few kilometres from the camp to get into Macedonia on 14 March 2016 ., 0, 1
9, women: """ People do n't understand the hurt , people do n't understand the pain . I 've read about women with their children sleeping in cars , sleeping in hotel rooms and it 's criminal . If they 're lucky and they come across COPE Galway and the ladies in Osterley , then there 's hope . """, 0, 1
10, immigrant: Sheepherding in America has always been an immigrant 's job , too dirty , too cold and too lonely for anyone with options ., 0, 1
11, women: """ These poor ladies are definitely going through some traumatic issues right now , and I am asking that they come forward so that I help them ? together with women parliamentarians - to be able to heal .", 0, 1
12, women: KARACHI - On the eve of International Women 's Day , Pakistan People 's Party Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari has announced that his party 's Women Wing will organise Karwan-e-Benazir rallies in all the provincial capitals and in Azad Jammu &amp; Kashmir , Gilgit-Baltistan and Fata to celebrate the day and PPP 's achievements for empowerment of women in the country ., 0, 1
13, migrant: If only we had more stories that championed the brilliance of migrant workers perhaps we 'd be able to challenge the silence that permits them to be treated in such a disdainful way ., 0, 1
17, women: "Our country is in need of serious change . We can continue to celebrate women 's day , throw massive budgets at events , give out goody bags with a cute lipsticks and celebrate female achievers once a year . This is without taking away from exceptional women who truly are making inroads into their environments but we are not just a cute lipstick , or pair of shoes , we are not just pretty and soft and squishy . We are not just child bearers , and there for procreation . So , why are we as women , so accepting of the placating and mollification thrown at us and overlook the inequalities through acceptance . I am by no means militant , but often , as even in politics , focus is shifted on true issues by drawing public attention to other "" things "" in order for us to be distracted . By shifting our focus from relevant issues we forget why we were disgruntled and angry and nothing ever changes .", 0, 1
18, poor-families: The World Health Organization did not give a reason for the increase in deaths , but a provincial health official in Sindh said that the disease hit areas where poor families did not vaccinate their children ., 0, 1
19, poor-families: A top health official said today that the government could consider subsidies to help poor families pay for healthy food -- or imposing taxes on unhealthy products -- if other efforts fail to encourage better eating habits among Hong Kong residents . Dr Regina Ching from the Health Department said such moves could be explored as a way to cut levels of chronic illnesses in the city , such ..., 0, 1
20, women: Maida noted that political issues should not twist women away from matters of development , the important thing is peace , and women must wake up , since they need economic revolution through peaceful means ., 0, 1
21, hopeless: Jamaicans are deemed to be among the most violent persons on planet Earth . Some argue that it has to do with our legacy of slavery which in itself was an act of extreme violence . Some even posit that it may well be that we have too much sugar in our blood ; while others point to the socio-economic conditions that the majority of black Jamaicans have to live under which have led them to a point of hopelessness and anger ., 0, 1
22, poor-families: BUSINESSMAN Norberto Quisumbing Jr . of the Norkis Group of Companies has a challenge for families who can spare some of what they have : why not adopt poor families and help them break the cycle of poverty ?, 0, 1
23, vulnerable: It is written in Ecclessiastes in the Bible that ' WOE TO ANY NATION WHERE A SLAVE BECOMES KING ' This typifies the situation in Nigeria since the inception of that country . I weep for my country when I visited home in 2009 and toured my alma mater- ABSU ... the infrastructural decay reduced me to tears . No matter how much OIL is sold in the world market the money will not change the corrupt/ sorry situation in Nigeria . The only thing that will change it is REVOLUTION . I weep for the children , pregnant women , the sick , infirms and the vulnerables who are trapped in this diabolical hole called Nigeria . My advice to Nigerians ... ' GOD WILL NOT DO FOR MAN WHAT MAN CAN DO FOR HIMSELF ' Wake and take your destinies in your hands stop calling on God for simple things you can do , learn from Egypt , Tunisia and Libya experience ., 0, 1
24, poor-families: A massive cleanup and awareness drive was conducted jointly by the LWMC and the Bahria University , Lahore Campus in different localities of Johar Town . The purpose of the drive was to improve state of cleanliness and sensitise poor families to hygienic conditions ., 0, 1
25, poor-families: """ Nigeria 's tertiary education system is still elitist . We do n't make allowance for poor families , families that have not yet produced a university graduate . How do these people assess the university education ?", 0, 1
26, in-need: """ In addition , the Members of Parliament will visit two projects that focus on the inclusion of street children and victims of acid attacks to demonstrate their solidarity with those vulnerable groups in need of support . Finally , on April 29 the delegation will brief the journalists on the outcome of the visit at a press conference . """, 0, 1
27, vulnerable: """ We know Uber partners with an extensive network of drivers , and Plunket nurses support some of our most vulnerable families . Working together , we can make it simple for people to help out and make a difference , "" Jarvie says .", 0, 1
28, refugee: IdeaRaya spokesman Maryam Ramli Lee in an interview with Malay Mail Online , September 10 , 2015 . For human rights , Idearaya is shining a spotlight on marginalised communities such as refugees and migrant workers , while its focus for philosophy this year would be on educating children to express themselves philosophically ., 0, 1
29, poor-families: Camfed would like to see this trend reversed . It would like to see more girls in school . Basic Education Statistics in Tanzania ( BEST 2010 ) show that only 18 percent of girls have completed secondary school education . This is why Camfed supports girls from poor families to obtain secondary education and its efforts have seen many go to university ., 0, 1
34, poor-families: Watching poor families in England writhe in pain over this deep wound , we , as residents of this former slave plantation island , can commiserate with their distress ., 0, 1
35, vulnerable: """ We need to grow the economy in a way that we are helping those that are struggling -- families that are going to difficult times , and those that are in vulnerable situations , "" he said .", 0, 1
40, poor-families: """ Some come from poor families and then you find swimming in millions and they lose focus , then they fizz out from football altogether , "" he said , making it clear that to have a Paul Pogba-esque success , one needs to work that much harder and not get influenced easily especially at this age and that too coming from Africa .", 0, 1
42, in-need: A few of Hong Kong 's mega rich , have also made a more concerted effort to improve the quality of life of those most in need , however the philanthropic approach adopted by the vast majority of them has its limitations . Philanthropy has often created a culture of dependency and has failed to tackle the root causes of social problems . For many organizations , philanthropic investment is viewed as a cost rather than an opportunity ., 0, 1
45, poor-families: He said their efforts should not stop only at creating many graduates but also extended to students from poor families so that they could break away from the cycle of poverty ., 0, 1
46, hopeless: That is the big picture , the one conveyed in official reports and government documents . But for the people who live on the ground in the province , it does not begin to portray the hopelessness , the everyday obstacles , the decay ., 0, 1
49, hopeless: Some years later the daughter 's marriage broke up . She had two children by then and needed money urgently . The father dipped into his savings and was eventually compelled to move into this home . His daughter has put in the papers for him to join her in Australia and he is hopeful of joining her soon . That day for him will be a joyful escape from the surrounding air of defeat , dejection and hopelessness ., 0, 1
50, immigrant: "Nearly 15,000 West African teenagers leave their homes every year to play football in Europe . Few make good on their dreams . Some are lured by corrupt "" agents "" , smuggled across the searing Sahara and discarded in the streets of Europe , resigned to selling fake designer bags as undocumented immigrants . Others are nabbed by academies and feeder teams affiliated with European clubs and often dumped like bad stocks .", 0, 1
51, hopeless: President Akufo-Addo noted that despite democracy gaining roots on the Continent , and the positive economic strides , there were justifiably pressing demands to address issues of widespread unemployment and the sense of hopelessness in the future , that compels large numbers of Africa 's youth to travel across the Sahara Desert and traverse perilous oceans in search of a better life in the developed world ., 0, 1
54, immigrant: Hollywood star Leo Di Caprio urges help for reuniting immigrant children with their families, 0, 1
58, refugee: """ It 's the largest humanitarian tragedy of our time , "" Ninette Kelley , the UN high commissioner for refugees ' representative to Lebanon , told the Guardian earlier this month in an interview . "" We do not want the world to forget that people are suffering here . """, 0, 1
59, in-need: """ I have a lot of sympathy for folks who are in need in the city , "" Mr Edmonds-Waters said . "" This has become an extremely expensive city to live in . The divide between those who have and those who do n't is ridiculously ginormous . """, 0, 1
60, hopeless: Hundreds of thousand Africans are graduating per year . Different from 1980s and early 1990s when college outpours got immediately absorbed in the labour market , many today are jobless and hopeless ., 0, 1
64, hopeless: From mother ( played by Bollywood actress Seema Biswas of Bandit Queen fame ) who rejected him and a society that offered no respite , Siva was , in a nutshell , a hopeless street vagabond ., 0, 1
66, poor-families: She said since Bangladeshs main export to the USA is apparel , this industry employs 4 million workers , of which 90 percent are girls from poor families . Their earnings have empowered them . Their contributions now provide better nutritional food , allow siblings to go to schools , and give them a respected voice at home . Their empowerment is also helping reduce poverty , control population growth and increase literacy ., 0, 1
67, homeless: It 's calculated that over 204,000 days of purpose-built residential accommodation to otherwise potentially homeless elderly men and women have been delivered by this personally driven altruistic act alone ., 0, 1
69, homeless: "Shelter chief executive Polly Neate said , "" It 's disgraceful that even when families are working every hour they can , they 're forced to live through homelessness . """, 0, 1
70, vulnerable: News this month that Anglican Care spent $4 million buying a Christchurch site as a hub for vulnerable youths is a fine example of that community-minded approach . In years to come there may be an interesting contrast between a beautifully restored cathedral that is empty much of the time and a youth hub and revamped City Mission that are constantly busy ., 0, 1
71, vulnerable: "He said : "" I think we can consider introducing a negligible telecom surcharge to be entirely borne by the initiator of a call . In order to protect the poor and vulnerable amongst us , we could structure it to only take effect after the third minute of talk .", 0, 1
72, disabled: NEW DELHI : Activists and medical professionals have lauded the government 's move to increase the ambit of the disabled list to offer benefits to acid attack survivors , those suffering from chronic neurological conditions , and haemophilia and sickle cell anaemia patients . This , they said , will help in integrating them into society ., 0, 1
73, disabled: Krueger recently harnessed that creativity to self-publish a book featuring the poems , artwork , photography and short stories of 16 ill or disabled artists from around the world . She hopes the book , which contains some of her own work as well , will show how talented disabled people can be ., 0, 1
74, poor-families: The vast majority of girls and women caught in the exploitative global sex trade are not victims of kidnapping , like the Nigerian 276 abducted by Boko Haram , but rather of poverty . Human traffickers prey on poor families who do n't have access to education and are n't aware of their basic rights . Mired in grinding poverty , parents desperately take out loans on conditions they do n't understand , pledging their children on their debts ., 0, 1
75, disabled: Kyle really your a pig , lol youre also very ignorant do nt like over weight women , well have u looked in the mirror recently your FAT , YOU AND YOUR BOSS SHOULD BE SACKED never to return to radio , , how dare you say go for the disabled , your more disabled than the disabled olympians , they have a genuine heart , you do nt have one ,, 0, 1
76, hopeless: You know the type . She 's excelling in her field while tutoring underprivileged kids , running 5K fundraisers and adopting the most hopeless rescue dogs as pets -- and she 's not afraid to gloat about it ., 0, 1
78, homeless: He stayed true to his promise , and at the opening day of the restaurant , he brought a lot of homeless from the park to give them full respect and food ., 0, 1
79, hopeless: President Muhammadu Buhari is on a divine mission to rescue the Nigeria from the brink of collapse and hopelessness , Speaker of the House of Representatives , Rt . Hon. Yakubu Dogara has said ., 0, 1
80, hopeless: The Global Gender Gap Report 2016 has ranked Pakistan 143 out of 144 countries . This really demonstrates the failure of feminists who are hopeless to break the historical shackles of bondage on women and establish favorable political , educational , economic , and health conditions ., 0, 1
81, homeless: Instead of restaurants and malls , they go into the nooks and crannies of the capital , approaching every homeless person they meet to offer them a new lease on life ., 0, 1
82, homeless: According to her , she established Royal Seed home to bring up a needy or homeless child to become a great person in future ., 0, 1
84, immigrant: THE jagged rocks , the stony beaches , the sweeping , heather covered hills ... the last views of the old country that faded from sight when a generation of immigrants set sail for the new world ( you can read that in Liam Neeson 's voice if you want ) ., 0, 1
85, in-need: It was through that experience Guest decided to help others in need , people who society had passed by , a notion he has continued throughout his retirement years ., 0, 1
87, vulnerable: """ We are taking a community that is fairly vulnerable and bringing them to a level where they are empowered . "" <h> VICTORIA KIOKO", 0, 1
90, homeless: He said the victims who are currently rendered homeless can now be relieved of troubles as the 5,000 iron sheets from Mwanza had arrived , with 1,200 already distributed to victims in Bukoba Municipality ., 0, 1
93, disabled: This letter also might encourage other people . If they see someone struggling just go over and help . It can really make that elderly , disabled or troubled person 's day !, 0, 1
95, vulnerable: This is a new education programme introduced in this district to ensure that each vulnerable girl and boy in this district is educated , protected , respected and valued and grows up to turn the tide of poverty ., 0, 1
97, in-need: """ This is a wonderful cause to be part of , and we are deeply impressed by Deputy Minister Manamela and the effort he puts in to raise awareness of this previously unspoken issue , "" says Old Mutual Head of Brand Karen Thomas . "" At Old Mutual we always encourage people to do things for ' more than yourself ' , and at this year 's Om die Dam deputy minister Manamela is leading the way and setting an example that committing oneself to run can make such an enormous difference to so many in need . """, 0, 1
98, in-need: The retailer footwear company on a mission to democratise fashion , design and the latest ideas in footwear and accessories globally , has shown its commitment to Jamaica by again providing shoes for children in need during the Christmas season ., 0, 1
99, in-need: "Yangon , Myanmar , September 29 , 2017 -- Sanna Johnson , IRC 's Regional Director said : "" Whether forced to flee to neighbouring Bangladesh or stuck in northern Myanmar , cut off from essential services and lifesaving aid , Rohingya refugees have no safe place to call home . Today 's reported drownings are a tragic reminder of this desperation . As the largest health care provider in Rakhine State , the IRC is deeply alarmed by conditions on both sides of the border and calls for immediate access to reach those communities in need . """, 0, 1
100, homeless: The drama 's compelling nature derived from a thorough knowledge of its cast , more numerous and improbable than any soap opera 's . The bite came from underlying tragedy : lost wives , lost jobs , pennilessness , homelessness and death . I have never laughed so much as in Soho in the Eighties ., 0, 1
101, homeless: Government support to bring the Housing First programme to Wellington will make a real difference for the homeless , says National 's Wellington Central candidate Nicola Willis ., 0, 1
102, poor-families: """ The worst thing was dealt to us , "" he said . "" But at least we 'll get closure . That 's a blessing , in some way ... but I think of those poor families who wo n't . """, 0, 1
103, homeless: The Eastridge Christian School in Bramley gathered at their local park to hand over much-needed food parcels to the homeless on 7 March ., 0, 1
104, poor-families: We are alarmed to learn of your recently circulated proposals that would eviscerate the Lifeline program and leave many of the most vulnerable people in the country without access to affordable communications . As you are well aware , the Lifeline program provides a modest monthly subsidy of $9.25 to connect low-income Americans to phone and internet services . As broadband prices continue to soar , and affordability continues to suffer , adoption gaps remain . The Lifeline program has proven critical for poor families and people of color who are caught on the wrong side of the digital divide ., 0, 1
106, disabled: """ I and my daughter Monica are excited about providing a space for disabled people to be able to get together and earn fair prices for their work , "" Mr. Rogers said .", 0, 1
107, migrant: Famously progressive San Francisco has among America 's most eco-friendly public policies and has declared itself a sanctuary to immigrants it considers persecuted by President Donald Trump 's administration ., 0, 1
108, women: It is also good news for women 's issues , which are in desperate need of a woman 's touch . As much work as the ANC has done thus far , we have a long way to go in this and in many other regards ., 0, 1
109, hopeless: For jobless , hopeless Zimbabweans there is nothing much to cheer <h> Email to Friend, 0, 1
110, hopeless: For jobless , hopeless Zimbabweans there is nothing much to cheer, 0, 1
111, poor-families: Michael Gove 's recent suggestion that inadequate financial management skills among poor families are to blame for the increasing demand on food banks has , unsurprisingly , sparked an angry response . Critics feel the Conservative Party is out of touch with the pressures on ordinary families ., 0, 1
112, poor-families: For many poor families , the college is a very important institution providing their children with the education crucial to break the poverty cycle ., 0, 1
114, homeless: It is miserable being poor and homeless in an affluent nation where one 's worth is measured by what one can afford to buy . Even those in the middle class with good and steady jobs struggle to keep their lifestyle ., 0, 1
116, poor-families: McAfee said he was helping the locals by feeding poor families and providing them with jobs ., 0, 1
117, disabled: Cheung said 20 disabled undergraduate students from seven universities will start their eight-week internship in government departments this month , receiving the same salaries as able-bodied colleagues of HK$9,600 a month ., 0, 1
120, in-need: Stephanie envisioned a model whereby women in need would be taught a skill such as handcrafts , and be paid a fair trade wage for their efforts . In turn , the women who had experienced hardship and marginalisation would grow to become self-sufficient . With the products then sold in Australia via an online store and a network of retailers , the profits would be reinvested in Seven Women to continue the cycle of empowerment ., 0, 1
121, women: In the space of a week , four beautiful young women gave up their lives voluntarily over reasons ranging from a love affair to depression to unemployment . All were educated and from reasonably good families . And these are just some of the reports that media covered . Looked at dispassionately and from a distance , none of their problems seem insurmountable . What a waste of young , beautiful lives !, 0, 1
122, poor-families: I now know why Mike Redmond is proposing a school lunch program . This news about 1/4 of all kids coming from poor families with not much food is an embarrassment . And Ghiz throws our tax dollars at his construction buddies &amp; immigrant investment at his political buddies . And then Ghiz and Myers and their good ol ' boy supporters decry a proposed program like free school lunches as a type of socialist conspiracy .... I 'd like every one of them to experience real hunger for a week in the winter and see if they 'd sing a different tune afterward . Ghazal and Myers and the blue blood wannabes of PEI have no clue ., 0, 1
123, women: "Mari ? tte Coetzee from Stofberg Family Vineyards ( whose Mia Chenin Blanc 2016 was the garagiste trophy winner at last year 's Michelangelo Awards and the recipient of four Platter 's stars for the Mari ? tte Chenin Blanc 2016 ) , says : "" We can be extremely proud of the current women winemakers in our industry , especially considering most of them are juggling a family along with the long working hours .", 0, 1
125, poor-families: 10:41am - Parents of children who died must get compensation , free medicine must be provided to poor families across UP : Ram Gopal Yadav, 0, 1
126, poor-families: But kids fall through the cracks . If they move around a lot between schools - as kids from poor families very often do , due to precarious housing - they can go years between check-ups ., 0, 1
127, poor-families: The school authorities have taken the perfect procedure , not to obstruct studies . The 300 odd athletes who engage in sports are given the freedom to practice before and after school hours under the watchful eyes of the teachers who are in-charge of sports . The talented athletes who come from poor families are taken care of adequately with contributions from parents and well wishers ., 0, 1
128, hopeless: Almost apocalyptic in its devastation , the wrath of one of the most powerful storms ever to hit the Atlantic is evidenced in the smashed ruins of Barbuda 's candy-coloured homes , the hopeless faces of residents who have lost everything they own , and the haunted eyes of their children ., 0, 1
129, poor-families: """ Boarding schools should be for those coming from poor families who when admitted to boarding secondary schools would be assured of their meals provided by schools , "" she said .", 0, 1
131, hopeless: While male prisoners in Pakistan also suffer , the female prisoners ' plight is truly worrying . Like male offenders , the majority of female offenders are poor . However , women enter the criminal justice system with a host of unique medical , psychological , and financial problems and needs that distinguish them from male offenders . Addiction , poverty , unemployment , physical and mental illness , physical and sexual abuse , and homelessness trap women in a cycle of hopelessness and crime . In particular , female offenders are often young mothers who face the additional trauma of threatened separation from their children ., 0, 1
132, homeless: Old BC : As usual , Old GB has it assy-versy . I think there should be more focus on preventing homelessness than curing it . Are there systems for actually going out , picking up the homeless , and placing them where they belong ? Homeless people are n't voluntarily walking into these shelters ., 0, 1
136, immigrant: But if the Supreme Court gives a favorable decision for the president , his immigration program would immediately take effect , changing the lives of eligible Filipino families and other immigrants ., 0, 1
137, homeless: "She remembers how hard being homeless hit her . She remembers , too , how she would try and act as mad as possible to intimidate people and stop them from coming close to her . She would turn as she walked and make loud noises so that people would leave her alone . How did she manage not to lose sight of her future while she was struggling for survival ? "" I handled my situation of being homeless pretty easily , "" she says with a bit of distance . "" I had football to focus on . I wanted to represent my country and I was n't going to let anything get in the way . """, 0, 1
138, homeless: "There were also many larger events which took place , including a 24-hour long period of Eucharistic adoration and a prayer vigil . Additionally , "" jubilees "" were held which centered on , among others , the sick and disabled , catechists , teenagers , deacons , priests , religious , volunteers of mercy , and most recently , the poor and homeless .", 0, 1
140, hopeless: "Calling for an immediate political solution to resolve the crisis in Syria , Erdogan said : "" Turkey 's incursion into northern Syria in early September had led to establishing peace , balance and stability in a region taken over by hopelessness "" .", 0, 1
141, poor-families: "This little girl with her whole life in front of her can not go to school , can not read , can not write . At age seven , she is guilty , of being one of the world 's 60 million refugees in the year 2017 ! The government claims it has implemented "" 15 years free education "" but the reality does not match the words . For pre-school children , where government policies have created a completely privatised sector , normal fees are HK$2,800 per month -- completely out of reach for poor families .", 0, 1
143, hopeless: """ They have made them to become hopeless and now , in "" going to God "" , they have ended up being deceived further and their situation is exploited and the society becomes even worse .", 0, 1
145, vulnerable: After a tragic event during his previous life as an FBI agent , Sawyer lost half a leg and developed an aversion to guns . So instead of the usual muscle-bound , wise-cracking , gun-toting cliche he 's often played , here he 's a vulnerable , disabled family man caught up in a twisted extortion plot ., 0, 1
146, homeless: Behind the initiative are Danish national Lars Jorgensen and his American wife Monica , who came to the Philippines as backpacking tourists 27 years ago and were moved by the sight of Manila 's young and homeless ., 0, 1
148, migrant: The measures have kept the migrants living in limbo . The overwhelming majority have not been granted asylum and they lead a tenuous existence , often at the whims of the government ., 0, 1
149, vulnerable: "He said that he also stopped in Maiduguri , Nigeria , where he met with people who were torched out of their homes 11 months ago . "" These are the stories we carry with us , "" he underlined . "" The World Humanitarian Summit , is a once in a generation opportunity to set in motion an ambitious and far reaching agenda to change the way that we alleviate , and most importantly that we prevent , the suffering of the world 's most vulnerable people . """, 0, 1
150, immigrant: Canada has managed to accept immigrants , yet it keeps its citizens happy at the same time . In fact , the only populist revolution was pro-immigrant ! It can all be managed , in a humane way ; feeling the pain of those who have left their homes in search of peace or prosperity ., 0, 1
151, homeless: "In time , when the housing backlog for the low middle- and low-income families will have been significantly whittled down to manageable levels , the government can start looking at ways and means to bring these "" lesser "" Filipinos into the embrace of economic health -- and away from that malady called homelessness .", 0, 1
152, refugee: "In a statement , the UNHCR said it is "" alarmed and concerned "" by Tuesday 's incident and urged the "" public and all those concerned with refugees to continue extending protection and to show empathy for civilians fleeing persecution and violence . """, 0, 1
153, women: We have done a great deal of work but the biggest thing we have done is to make the ministry a powerful tool for the protection of women ... Over the last four years , every time somebody comes up with a good idea or proposes an area in which women need help , we have adopted it immediately . We have been doing two things -- policymaking , which also pushes other ministries , and looking at individual cases of suffering . For me , both components are equally important ., 0, 1
155, women: """ Jesus is the Master Feminist because he championed the cause of women , "" she said .", 0, 1
157, homeless: Bombarded by schizophrenia , addiction and homelessness , you might say that Eoghan O'Driscoll has been to hell and back . But he is finding a new balance through painting . Interview : Michael Lanigan, 0, 1
158, hopeless: """ So many of us see the state of our home as some kind of reflection of our self-worth ( even though it 's not ! ) , and a mess can so easily make you feel like a failure . And for those who have mental illnesses , chronic illness , chronic pain , or disabilities , this can be even worse , because when you 're not physically able to do a whole-house clean , it can all seem a little hopeless . """, 0, 1
161, vulnerable: "Balu , an honest , hard-working labourer , who was injured by army shelling about 1993 leading to partial deafness , had latterly resettled in Tellipalai . While waiting to cross the KKS Rd. , he was killed by a navy vehicle with , as I learn , defective brakes , driven by a man without a heavy vehicle licence . When development fails the most vulnerable and poor , we have lost our way . It is well to remember Tagore in his essay on Nationalism : "" ... speed comes to its end , the engagement loses its meaning and the hungry heart clamours for food , till at last she comes to the lowly reaper reaping his harvest in the sun . """, 0, 1
162, vulnerable: "Emmanuelle Riva in "" Amour , "" as a woman in her 80s whose mind and body deteriorate after a series of strokes , is even frailer , more vulnerable , and quite defenseless . The first time we saw Riva , in "" Hiroshima Mon Amour , "" we were struck by her sensual , yet patrician face . Now the sensuality is gone , but the dignity of that countenance remains .", 0, 1
165, in-need: As exemplified by the teenager , let us all be kind to one another and help those in need without discriminating against one another based on race or religion ., 0, 1
166, women: TurkIt 's heartening to see that measures are being taken in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KP ) to empower women and give them work opportunities . You ! takes a look ..., 0, 1
167, disabled: New Zealand has been getting more comfortable confronting difficult issues in primetime . Last year , Nigel Latta : The Hard Stuff 's exploration of suicide and teenagers ' online lives was a hit . Earlier this year another season of The Undateables , a British show about dating amongst the disabled and those with learning disabilities played at 8.45pm Mondays on TVNZ 2 . And despite the exploitative name , Embarassing Bodies has helped open eyes and minds to the reality of those whose physical form deviates from a societal conception of ' normal ' ., 0, 1
168, refugee: In a world of unlimited data , there is little stopping us from providing refugees with this lifesaving connectivity ., 0, 1
169, poor-families: "I am shocked , disgusted and dismayed at yet another police incident that is being mishandled . How many poor families have had their loved ones senselessly perish at the hands of highly paid , supposedly "" professional "" police officers and have had to fight against an unjust system that allows these officers to literally get away with murder unpunished. ?", 0, 1
170, homeless: Charity plans to forgo parking so homeless can have gym and medical centre, 0, 1
171, in-need: In the course of the coming week , the season of Lent begins . It is a time for renewal for each one of us , a time to draw closer to the Lord so that he may pick us up and set us again on his pathway to the fullness of life . The steps we are invited to take during Lent include the three traditional Lenten practices : prayer , fasting and almsgiving . We are to make these practices a more constant part of our life and behaviour throughout these next five and a half weeks . Through daily prayer we open our hearts to the Lord ; through fasting , or self-denial , we quieten the clamour within us for self-indulgence ; in almsgiving we have a means of reaching out to those in need , giving expression to our compassion for them ., 0, 1
172, in-need: Many donors prefer to remain anonymous , having found a more solid satisfaction comes from knowing what they are doing is truly helping those in need , than is derived from others ' praise ., 0, 1
173, poor-families: KOLKATA : Sourav Kaibartya , a fisherman 's son who scored 94.2% in his higher secondary examination this year got entry into NIT Durgapur for engineering course . The boy was at a loss as to who will fund his education . That is when a corporate house came into his rescue . Thirty-seven students like him from West Bengal meritorious but from poor families will now get to continue their studies with an initiative from Magma Fincorp Ltd ., 0, 1
174, women: "She continued , "" I stepped away from hiding behind a fabricated version of myself . I no longer put actions behind my fears and insecurities . I made a choice to redirect my energy to be a catalyst for change . To create a channel for women to become the truest versions of themselves , along with me. """, 0, 1
175, refugee: One petition signer , the Reverend Everett Shattuck , 59 , a Church of the Brethren minister from Mill Creek , Indiana , said opening his home to refugees was part of the U.S. tradition of welcoming immigrants ., 0, 1
176, disabled: """ My daughter , who was a physiotherapist , who is now on the other side , realizes how difficult it is being a disabled person . She wishes to change the idea in people 's minds when they look at a disabled person -- their mind is fine , they may be disabled , but they 're normal people and they want to be treated that way . """, 0, 1
177, homeless: Yes , DMC you are very good at adding numbers , I am sure the dead and homeless are really thankful that you have the numbers . But as a government department I do not see any action in preventing , educating , keeping sos supply depots , or indeed any action , apart from the armed forces providing aid and the common man ., 0, 1
178, hopeless: The indigenous Palestinians see themselves abandoned by the powerful nations of the UN . In sheer hopelessness and a sense of dehumization they are , regrettably , now resorting to nihilistic activities trying to harm Israeli Jews and getting killed every day by the trigger happy Israelis - civilians and security forces alike . It is a sad development in a region that has cried for justice for too long -- almost 70 years - only to be ignored and severely punished for their noncompliance to the Zionist dream of Eretz Israel ., 0, 1
179, refugee: """ Stateless "" is the story of a forgotten group of Vietnamese refugees who spent over 16 years in the Philippines waiting for resettlement . Caught at the low tide of compassion fatigue by the international community , which led to the closure of refugee camps in Southeast Asia in the early 1990s , the refugees found themselves lost with no country to call home .", 0, 1
180, disabled: The law stipulated 21 rights of the disabled persons . The disabled persons must get the national identity cards and be listed in the voters roll . Even they will be able to contest in the polls ., 0, 1
181, poor-families: For ten years a group of women have been stitching love into thousands of knitted blankets and garments to help keep poor families in Eastern Europe warm ., 0, 1
183, poor-families: "So when journalists and observers tell us that , "" Toronto will never be the same again , "" they are not only wrong , but are extremely unhelpful . Of course Toronto will be just the same again . Not for the poor families of the deceased , not for those struggling with ghastly and perhaps life-changing injuries , but for most of the rest of us . It wo n't change , because it never does .", 0, 1
184, in-need: "He said : "" We need improved security for civilians and aid workers and access to all those in need , but we must also build a bigger humanitarian muscle to provide for the suffering millions .", 0, 1
185, in-need: Over the past five years , the company has donated approximately 60,000 pounds of fresh produce for weekly outreach programs and via larger holiday events and Veteran ? s programs that have impacted tens of thousands of New Yorkers in need . Through Easter Seals of New York , Bloom Fresh delivers fresh fruits and vegetables each week to the Bronx Child Development Center to not only provide more healthy nutrients to children during lunch , but also for the children to take home to their families ., 0, 1
188, vulnerable: ICCCAD remains a strong advocate of local initiatives and supports the concept of Community Based Adaptation ( CBA ) . Solutions developed at the local level have the best chance of being successful since it is the poorest living in areas prone to storms , floods , and droughts who are most vulnerable and best understand what needs to be done . This approach seeks to give these communities a voice since it is powerlessness as much as location that makes these communities vulnerable to climate change ., 0, 1
189, disabled: """ In particular , the programmes to support blind and disabled golf impress me both as an avid golfer and a passionate believer in the "" power of sport "" , to bring people together and transform lives for the better , "" said Mr Key .", 0, 1
190, in-need: "After the satisfying evening , Manny Osme ? a left us pondering on his quote , "" Money is pressure until it is used to help people in need . """, 0, 1
193, vulnerable: ' The problem with this place is that there is a lot of vulnerable people here and they get the wrong kind of help ., 0, 1
194, in-need: These latest gifts are from parents at a local home daycare who pooled together their own money and resources to help Raijene Mallory even more . Art Randolph did the heavy lifting , bringing in package after package to the once homeless family 's new northside apartment . Each wrapped gift and crate carrying necessities , clothing and toys coming from a group of compassionate mothers to another in need ., 0, 1
196, in-need: "When contacted , Yadav said , "" There are two things that drive me to deliver my best . The sense of responsibility that I have as an officer of the Government of India . And , I get happy when I see smiles on the faces of people who are caught up in the complexities of bureaucracy . If the government is paying me for taking up responsibilities , then it becomes my duty to help those in need . """, 0, 1
198, women: If in addition ' miracles ' can be orchestrated then the acceptance and reverence become total . In a country where statistics state that unemployment is about 25 per cent but we know it is more like 70 per cent , where the next meal will come from is unpredictable and on a daily basis time just passes by ; it is not far-fetched for women to become prayer warriors for their children , husbands and siblings and are made to blame whatever is happening not on policies of the government but on the machinations of the devil ., 0, 1
237, in-need: Bangladesh 's bowling could do better , however . Mehidy Hasan Miraz and Nazmul Islam will once again need to slow things down while Mustafizur Rahman and Rubel Hossain have to bowl well in the power play and slog overs . Taskin Ahmed may have to give away his place after being below par ., 1, 0
262, in-need: """ This incident will not tear us down but rather strengthen us as an organization . We will continue our mission of helping Veterans in need . It is through your generous donations and the volunteers in Chapter 84 that we have been able to provide transportation service for Veterans to their appointments at VA facilities and to build wheel chair ramps at no cost to the Veteran . There is scarcely a family in Alexander County that has not witnessed Chapter 84 's Honor Guard perform Military Rites at a loved ones funeral . Last year , Chapter 84 voted to support ' Dental Care for Veterans , ' a program that is getting underway by the DAV Department of North Carolina . Through this program , Veterans will be able to receive primary dental care at no charge .", 1, 0
288, hopeless: """ So we do need to heal ourselves as an Aboriginal Torres Strait islander community , but also as a nation . "" <h> A life of hope , not hopelessness", 1, 0
343, in-need: Afsar said that food safety is not the issue of any distinct department rather it is a job of different departments . To ensure safe food for the people , all involved in the food chain need to be well connected and work hand in hand to face the challenges , he added ., 1, 0
348, hopeless: Let us be clear . Malaysia is not facing the problems or the hopelessness that gave rise to the Arab Spring . We are blessed with an abundance of resources and talent . But to assume that all is well and that there is no need to scrutinise the democratic processes , would be a mistake ., 1, 0
377, refugee: """ The fact is that ruthless smugglers are preying on desperate migrants and refugees with no regard at all for human dignity , "" said Michele Sison , the US Deputy Ambassador to the UN .", 1, 0
421, in-need: """ Your personal leadership has been critical to addressing the plight of the Rohingya who fled to safety in your country . I thank you for all you have done to assist these men , women and children in need , "" he wrote in the message .", 1, 0
428, in-need: Sherk said the public and organizations like the Salvation Army have also been dropping off warm clothes for the men since word got out that they were in need ., 1, 0
436, immigrant: The United Methodist Church where undocumented immigrant Rosa Sabido lives in sanctuary while facing deportation is seen in Mancos . Reuters, 1, 0
528, poor-families: Today , the doctor revealed that even if cancer is diagnosed in 3,500 children mostly from poor families , over eight in 10 , or 82 percent , of them survive and turn into healthy young adults ., 1, 0
531, homeless: "Black grew up in the neighbourhood around the church , where he would eat Franklin 's cooking at lavish meals she provided for the community and the homeless each Thanksgiving and Christmas . "" She made the best oxtail soup , with that cornbread , and it was to die for , "" he recalled . "" It would be so much food that you would n't know what to do . """, 1, 0
569, hopeless: Bishop Moss told Bishop Golding that the leaders of the church are constantly faced with economic pressures , social degradation and an abysmal cloud of hopelessness and are being constantly challenged by corrupt systems . However , he said God wants them to make Him known among the confusion ., 1, 0
581, poor-families: My sister and I were just talking about this yesterday . She was telling me how she had to chastise her assistant at work for using young kids as house help . She told her these are kids like her kids these children are serving but unfortunately that they are from poor families, 1, 0
614, in-need: """ I always consider this job as a gift , being a nurse is a reward and task given by God to help those who are in need . Seeing your patient recover from an illness , watching their families smile when you give them care , and hearing the first cry of a newborn are just some of the things that make my work special . It might be a heavy work but it can lighten your heart , "" she expressed .", 1, 0
615, women: I believe there is still more to be done to empower our women . However , we are seeing improvement such as more women in leadership positions ( CEOs and chairpersons of boards ) . The need exists for more mentorship and guidance to ensure that this continues to improve . On another note , it was great to see that the new study by the International Labour Organisation indicated that Jamaica ( at 59.3 per cent ) has the highest proportion of women managers globally, 1, 0
636, in-need: Additionally , Bishop Kussala urged Catholics to pray for the country 's clergy , especially the dioceses still in need of bishops ., 1, 0
645, poor-families: On the occasion , Major Fahad also distributed ration among the 40 poor families present at the medical camp . He said that army had been struggling to protect and serve the people of Swat and had stood by them in every troubled hour . People hoped that more such free medical camps would be arranged in the future ., 1, 0
657, refugee: """ In Libya , the policeman is a smuggler , and the smuggler is a policeman . "" -- Eritrean refugee", 1, 0
662, homeless: 6 years ago she lost her husband -- he died from heart disease , and since then Wood lives alone with her children and a dog . When she learnt about Michael and Cory 's terrible life problems , she realised she had to help . This woman has a big kind heart . There were 2 empty rooms in her house , so she invited the homeless to live there . Many people might consider her action as a madness but Mel says that since her husband 's death , she does n't fear anything ., 1, 0
669, in-need: Meanwhile in Paisley , Scotland , a Muslim shopkeeper set up a charity fridge offering free food to those in need in the hope that the practice could assist food banks that are struggling with increasing demand ., 1, 0
671, in-need: """ You also get to meet a lot of people "" enthuses Kanthi . Kanthi , has not only grasped the opportunity to meet a lot of people through dancing , but has also used the chance to reach out to those in need of help . The proceeds from ' Step by step ' will be in aid of the Society for Uplift and Rehabilitation of Leprosy Patients ( SUROL ) .", 1, 0
677, homeless: Canadian coffee giant apologises after store owner pours bucket of water over sleeping homeless man and his dog, 1, 0
691, vulnerable: """ Protecting the disadvantaged members of our community is a cardinal role of any government and my administration in partnership with religious leaders will carry out fresh mapping of vulnerable members of our society and use the data to draw up a deliberate plan to support them , "" he said .", 1, 0
744, in-need: Good question in need of and correct answer . What level of education/qualifications all types of education ministers have in this country ., 1, 0
749, migrant: "IPAK 's president M.B. Khuman told The Hindu , "" The fate of the indigenous peoples of Manipur is uncertain . Manipur has always been a destination for migrants as livelihood is easy to find . For example , one rumour goes that men in Bihar can easily find a bride if they go to work in Manipur . """, 1, 0
770, hopeless: ATD wants to uplift the self-esteem of MNC residents , without making them feel hopeless or dependent ., 1, 0
799, immigrant: "The Caribbean Film Academy released the following statement : "" The next film in our series is "" Cristo Ray ( 2013 ) directed by Leticia Tonos . Set amid the violence and poverty of a shantytown , where undocumented Haitian immigrants clash with Dominicans , this gritty drama follows the struggle between two half brothers over the woman they both love . Haitian-born Janvier takes a job as the bodyguard for Jocelyn , the site of a powerful kingpin , who he soon discovers dated his Dominican half-brother Rudy . When Rudy learns the two have fallen in love , his places for revenge threaten disaster for the entire community . This vibrantly shot update of Romeo and Juliet is a powerful indictment of racism and poverty in the Dominican Republic . 96mins . In Spanish with English subtitles . Thursday , Dec 3rd at 7:30pm """, 1, 0
822, homeless: ESB is also supporting the programme as part of the company 's Energy for Generations Fund , which disburses ? 2million each year across a range of initiatives primarily in the areas of educational disadvantage , suicide and homelessness . ESB Chief Executive Pat O'Doherty says the company seeks to empower and enrich the lives of individuals and communities across Ireland ., 1, 0
875, vulnerable: In another development , Eiremiokhae was also bestowed with a Humanitarian Award by the Trinity International University of Ambassadors also in Georgia for his works of charity and care for widows and the vulnerable ., 1, 0
893, poor-families: Earlier at the ceremony , Azlan , who is also Pauh assemblyman , handed out daily necessities donated by NCIA to 102 poor families in the state constituency ., 1, 0
965, vulnerable: However , in the absence of collective bargaining power under the law , the agricultural workers are left vulnerable to exploitation , which leads to bonded labour ., 1, 0
967, disabled: """ He joked to us that he was going to be the most famous disabled man in Africa , and now he 's on stage around the world and he has made that dream come true .", 1, 0
974, disabled: """ This is a public hall for community use , for the elderly , disabled and orphans . Pensioners will utilise this place to get their pension money instead of having to wait in the burning sun or under trees . The facility can also be used by schools to write exams , "" Khoza said .", 1, 0
986, migrant: Resetting the Table looks at how the shift in gender roles and certain political and cultural movements ( such as back-to-the-land in the ' 60s and ' 70s ) affected how Americans ate , as well as at the introduction of foods and flavors from Asia , Africa and the Middle East by postwar immigrants and the spread of Mexican-American cuisine to all corners of the country ., 1, 0
1020, refugee: Bangladesh 's Prime Minister is seeking UN help in the Rohingya crisis , amid worsening conditions for the 400,000 refugees fleeing violence in Myanmar ., 1, 0
1023, poor-families: Five firms in Murang'a have launched a Sh500,000 programme to supply water for poor families ., 1, 0
1081, hopeless: We seem to have lost our way . And a grim sense of helplessness and hopelessness has cast a hazy gloom across the nation . Our beloved nation is in distress . We all need to take ownership to reclaim the nation and rebuild a nation for our children and the generations to come ., 1, 0
1092, homeless: "But he said when the company sent him his refund , they 're going to give all of the money to a group in Columbus that helps the homeless . "" We 're just going to donate it directly to that group and let them help other homeless people , because that 's what was intended to happen , "" he said .", 1, 0
1116, homeless: A happy day it was indeed when a 31 homeless street dogs found their forever homes in the loving arms of the kind children and adults who visited Embark 's ' Adopt A Dog Day ' at Lyceum International School , Nugegoda on the 15th of September . Students from grades 1 to 8 were invited to attend along with their families and friends . The organizers were delighted by the fact that all the puppies and adult dogs who had been put up for adoption found good homes and new families in record time . In fact , Embark ran out of dogs as the demand was so high , but this was just the first adoption day of many more to come at the Lyceum Schools , so everyone who missed out can find their forever friends at future adoption days ., 1, 0
1130, migrant: "Riss says he wanted to depict the hypocrisy of Europeans ' reaction to the crisis as well as the "" disenchantment "" awaiting the migrants reaching the continent 's shores alive .", 1, 0
1137, in-need: """ The boxing community is wonderful at helping those in need , today is a prime example .", 1, 0
1148, in-need: Christmas is celebration of the birth of not merely a child , but a child who changed the destiny of humans forever . It is celebration of the fact that God wanted to be a part of the human race and so he took on flesh and blood and became human like us . We can also show unconditional love through our good deeds and helping those who are in need of our help and care . Be human and merciful ., 1, 0
1226, hopeless: I mention these moments to highlight and illustrate the potential that young people have to change our society . In all these moments they were able to find a way in situations that were otherwise deemed hopeless . Where other people could not have thought that there was way , young people were able to create one ., 1, 0
1239, women: Speaking during a two-day East African regional conference on child marriage , yesterday in Dar es Salaam , the Director of Gender , Children and Social Development , in the ministry of Community Development , Gender and Children , Tukae Njiku , said majority of women who got into early marriage have been found to be infected with HIV/Aids ., 1, 0
1249, hopeless: The casting was gut-punchingly faithful and , with very few exceptions , matched up with the pictures in my head , the story stayed true , and somehow managed to unfold in a way that entirely satisfied the vast majority of those who loved the books without leaving those who had n't ( yet ) done so hopelessly lost . It was a Hollywood miracle -- and finally , I had the ultimate challenge for those still wary of the written word : Watch the series , and then tell me you do n't want to know what happens next . I dare you ., 1, 0
1261, poor-families: Many of the children are from poor families , with parents convinced their children will have a better life at the orphanage , according to Lumos ., 1, 0
1267, poor-families: Usually children of poor families remember their parents ' struggles and become generous to them as poverty early in life drove them to success . It is the children of the rich that feel a sense of entitlement that mostly becomes ungrateful to their parents . The same children that inflated their school fees and shared it equally with the bursar , regardless of their fathers ' sweat on the farm ., 1, 0
1282, homeless: After the war , she was homeless as none of her relatives or neighbours gave her shelter and she had to live in the open with her three children and often went hungry . Her two sons died soon after the war ., 1, 0
1310, disabled: "Britain 's Prince Harry teamed up with US First Lady Michelle Obama and former president George W Bush at the Invictus games for disabled war veterans - and awarded the first gold medal to France.Harry , fifth in line to the throne and patron of the games , opened the games in Orlando , Florida . "" Their stories are as amazing as they are unique . They focus on what can be achieved , rather than what ca n't ...", 1, 0
1402, vulnerable: "In an interview to Roshmila Bhattacharya for Mumbai Mirror , Kangana asked why Karan was "" trying to shame a woman for being a woman . "" Talking about the ' woman card ' and the ' victim card ' was "" demeaning "" , especially to vulnerable women , Kangana said .", 1, 0
1418, immigrant: Following the main launch , at which the exhibit 's curator Dr. Maureen Murphy will give an overview of the story of these women , IrishCentral will go live from the exhibit itself with a special tour granting a sneak peek at this incredible story of Irish America and its female immigrants ., 1, 0
1425, hopeless: """ It 's the politicians that have no faith in the people . All we hear from them is negativity . If you keep feeding negativity , the response is a people who are tired , bored and feeling hopelessness . Give the people something to strive for . Build youth centres . There are sooooo many talented youth . Jamaica must stop bad-mouthing ALL youth . The majority just want one simple thing and that is , A CHANCE . """, 1, 0
1441, refugee: AFP/Getty <h> 4/13 Inside the classroom with Chios 's child refugees, 1, 0
1449, hopeless: This has created anger -- especially among the young in our society -- deepened by the seeming hopelessness of their circumstances ., 1, 0
1493, poor-families: """ Fourteen goats were slaughtered for aqiqah and distributed to 95 poor families in Bohar Fara , while MyCare also provided food baskets to 95 poor families in the village of Ohn Rey Paw , "" Abdul Hafidz said in a statement .", 1, 0
1497, poor-families: "The living conditions of many poor families who collect waste for EcoPost have improved greatly because of the higher income they now receive . It also helps keep the streets a little tidier ; there 's so much waste plastic strewn across Kenya that Rutto jokes plastic bags have become the "" national flower "" .", 1, 0
1511, hopeless: I have been looking to see if Ojinga 's son and daughters , Kalonzo 's children would be among these jobless and hopeless looking demonstrators.As usual , they are nowhere to be seen.At the end of the day , having demonstrated all day on empty stomach , their children and wives are asking the goons for money to buy unga for dinner answer hakuna ! ? Meanwhile , Ojinga and his NASWA team and of course families retire to their posh homes in Karen and after dinner , they have enough to throw away or feed the dogs while the demonstrators sleep hungry.This is replicated every time there is a demonstration in our city and towns across the country . Due to lack of the basic necessities , the demonstrator resorts to looting and stealing.The rest is history ., 1, 0
1522, hopeless: """ Is it the bad gas , the ZIKV , is it the joblessness , the hopelessness , the poverty ? What has changed to make the fortunes of this incompetent , wicked , uncaring , insensitive government be showing up or showing signs ? """, 1, 0
1550, vulnerable: This caf ? will serve as a platform for building community awareness about working with vulnerable populations as well ., 1, 0
1568, vulnerable: Meanwhile , Dr. Thomas told JIS News that the seminar was staged for all well- thinking Jamaicans with a passion for helping this vulnerable group ., 1, 0
1581, in-need: News <h> Self Help Disability Organisation desperately in need of funds, 1, 0
1598, vulnerable: "Ben Scaggs , Director of the US EPA 's Gulf of Mexico Program , said : "" Whether for individual recreational use or as an economic engine supporting a wide variety of jobs and industry , the Gulf of Mexico is a vibrant yet vulnerable ecosystem . Protecting this national resource requires innovative approaches and proactive measures . The Gulf Guardian award winners are paving the way for ' out of the box ' thinking and replicable practices . """, 1, 0
1614, in-need: """ They used to have to hang out in parks and coach Little League or teach Sunday school in the past , "" Judd said in April . "" Now they can download an app and look for kids that are in need of attention - boys and girls . When a 60-year-old man wants to have sex with a 10-year-old child , those are the most dangerous of the dangerous . """, 1, 0
1635, hopeless: "After the attack , he could have been feeling "" hopeless and helpless "" as pressure intensified .", 1, 0
1659, hopeless: A miscarriage can prove to be very painful , and it sometimes leaves the woman feeling hopeless or consumed with guilt . Knowing the reason for the miscarriage will not in any way reduce the pain , but it can help to answer some of the questions women might have following such a devastating loss ., 1, 0
1662, hopeless: In his a New Year message , stated that President Akufo-Addo led government brought economic hardship and hopelessness to Ghanaians in 2017 year under review hence encouraged that the hope is still not lost as the NDC being the social democratic party will come back to power in 2021 to restore the lost hope ., 1, 0
1666, vulnerable: The University of Technology , Jamaica through its USAID-funded Fi Wi Jamaica Project on international Human Rights Day , Thursday , December 10 , 2015 honoured ten ( 10 ) ? unsung heroes ? and one ( 1 ) institution for their transformative and enduring humanitarian work in influencing the way that Jamaican society values the most vulnerable . The awards were presented at the 2nd Annual Essence of Humanity Ubuntu Awards ceremony held at the PCJ auditorium , New Kingston ., 1, 0
1669, in-need: Since its inception in mid-2014 , the Port 's Community Partnership Program helps local organisations in need of a helping hand with a community event or project ., 1, 0
1688, homeless: Later both visited : 1 ) Afzaal Memorial Thalassemia Foundation where they donated blood for Thalassemia major children , 2 ) Stanmore School for Independence Day event , 3 ) Markaz-e-Umeed school for special children , 4 ) Dar-ul-Sakoon for children with mental and physical challenges , 5 ) PAF Museum to attend Independence Day celebrations organized by Pakistan Academic Consortium , and 6 ) Bint-e-Fatima Old Home ( Trust ) for homeless women ., 1, 0
1692, in-need: "Adopt a Mission serves as a platform for the church and for likeminded people to reach out to unemployed families in the communities -- whoever is in need . "" <h> The forgotten people of Brooklyn", 1, 0
1706, hopeless: Artist Proshanta Karmakar Buddha has created his own style of art that is both modern and unique . He longs for a world devoid of chaos , brutality and hopelessness . He anticipates a peaceful utopia where human empathy and cooperation transcend national boundaries . It may be a ' fool 's dream ' but a world without hope is not a world worth living in . The spirit of that hope echoes through his works . Till date , Buddha has put up 29 solo exhibitions and participated in at least 96 national and international group exhibitions ., 1, 0
1750, poor-families: """ We have identified extremely poor families , orphaned children , the elderly and those living with HIV/AIDS but with no source of income . We will give them priority to enable them get treated whenever they fall sick , "" he said .", 1, 0
1763, in-need: """ For so long we are solely dependent on rainfall for this precious commodity . The drought season seems to get longer every year , most of our community tanks are in need of repair , with some communities in need of tanks . In addition , the roads leading to some of our communities are so bad that water trucks refuse to go in those areas , "" the first-time MP told fellow legislators .", 1, 0
1779, in-need: """ In keeping with the significance of the ILC since its inception 45 years ago , the representatives reiterated their continuing commitment to open and constructive dialogue as a model for interreligious and intercultural understanding in the world , most especially with religious leaders of the Muslim community . They also reiterated the commitment to collaborate in addressing the emerging needs of their communities wherever they may be , and to convey their transcendent messages to a world so much in need of authentic and caring affirmation represented by their two religious traditions . "" --Asia News", 1, 0
1785, homeless: In other words , Waitiki 's now settled squatters are being invited to gamble with their newfound status and face the prospect of homelessness all over again ., 1, 0
1792, immigrant: """ This I believe will help us address the issue of illegal immigrants into the EU and also to see what kind of responses we can build , like capacity , to make it more attractive for these Nigerians to come back and be able to sustain a livelihood .", 1, 0
1823, disabled: Due to high house prices here and the status of being a disabled person following an accident in 2009 on his way home from work , Alexander , who receives a monthly pension and an allowance from the Social Security Organisation ( Socso ) and the Social Welfare Department ( JKM ) , was only able to afford renting a house for RM350 a month ., 1, 0
1824, women: A group of women who gathered around the mother wept openly ., 1, 0
1840, homeless: "Maya Angelou 's "" I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings , "" from 1969 , captures the story of Angelou 's horrific childhood , including rape , homelessness and teen pregnancy . And yet the tone is ultimately uplifting . The book , which made Angelou famous , has become a mainstay of reading lists .", 1, 0
1866, homeless: BRITAIN 'S protracted campaign of budget cutting , started in 2010 by a government led by the Conservative Party , has delivered a monumental shift in British life . A wave of austerity has yielded a country that has grown accustomed to living with less , even as many measures of social well-being - crime rates , opioid addiction , infant mortality , childhood poverty and homelessness - point to a deteriorating quality of life ., 1, 0
1897, refugee: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull negotiated the deal , under which Australia will accept refugees from Central America , with former U.S. President Barack Obama last year . <h> Follow ST <h> The Straits Times, 1, 0
1899, in-need: Dr. Erin Schryer , executive director of Elementary Literacy , a New Brunswick reading-based program , said the representatives will then distribute the books to children in need ., 1, 0
1949, hopeless: Psychology demonstrates that people prefer making their own choices rather than having them externally determined . This leads to feelings of control over one 's fate , instead of the hopelessness and helplessness you feel when someone else chooses for you . <h> Paralysed by choice, 1, 0
1977, poor-families: IN 2004 , a small group of women from St John 's Anglican Church in Hervey Bay decided to meet together to sew clothes and bedding for orphan children and poor families being cared for by Australian volunteers in Tanzania , East Africa ., 1, 0
1979, in-need: The conflict has also pushed the Arab world 's poorest country to the brink of famine and left 82% of the population in need of humanitarian assistance ., 1, 0
1980, in-need: """ I believe God worked through the furries , "" said DeCarvalho , "" because I was really in need . """, 1, 0
2047, disabled: According to an inside source within the South-African chapter of the church , Pastor Chris hires people who pretend to be sick and disabled and then proceed to heal them during his live television shows and public prayer meetings in what would seem like a classic conman move only seen in Nollywood movies ., 1, 0
2073, poor-families: Desertification which affects Yunusari , Yusufari , Karasuwa , Machina , Geidam and Bursari local government areas is increasingly diminishing the space for agricultural activities and livestock development . For many years , Yobe state has been screaming and asking for help to deal with desertification because it is depriving many poor families of their means of livelihood and even shelter . One needs to just visit Tulo-Tulo in Yusufari Local Government Area to have a picture of the disaster that is making life more difficult every day for thousands of families ., 1, 0
